Return certificate details in pki/certs/detailed endpoint (#680)
openbao/openbao: website/content/api-docs/secret/pki.mdx

| Method | Path         |
| :----- | :----------- |
| `LIST` | `/pki/certs` |

> | `LIST` | `/pki/certs/detailed?detailed` |

Author: I'll fix this as well and rebase :)

}
```

### List certificates with details

> This endpoint returns a list of the current certificates by serial number and provides details such as CN, issuer, key_type, expiration, not_before and upto 5 DNS names.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
This endpoint returns a list of the current certificates by serial number and provides details such as CN, issuer, key_type, expiration, not_before and up to 5 DNS names.
```

What do you think of collapsing this documentation into the `LIST /pki/certs` version instead? Some of the info is redundant and you could say detailed information is only present on this endpoint instead.

I think you can see it with things like import: https://openbao.org/api-docs/secret/pki/#import-ca-certificates-and-keys 

Otherwise, the page gets rather long... 

Thoughts?
